https://codepen.io/ViridityMoon/pen/XWmVBJK?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Gives meaning.
2. What is HTML used for?
Basic foundation of the page.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
An attribute is additional function given to a tag, it is located within the tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is used for a title, and it should be used once, or MAYBE twice.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
image and anchor.
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

7. What is an id? 
A solitary label given to a tag for the purpose of referencing it in the CSS.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
All of them.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
10. What is a class? 
A label for an element that can be reused as often as you like.
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
All of them.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As much as I want.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
In the case that the original link doesn't function, it serves as a backup.
15. How do I reference an id?
#(idname){
    (codehere)
}
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Functionally nothing?
17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to style.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {
    (codehere)
}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
ids are specific, and classes are less specific. ids can only be used once, classes can be used as much as you want. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.(classname){
    (code here)
}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{
    (codehere)
}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector is written like this:
"parent > child" it allows you to select all the children with that label only under that parent. It's useful in grouping specific material.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar{
    (code here)
}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector defines a special state of an element, like with links that have already been used or hovers.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
All capitals: uppercase, All lowercase: lowercase, Capitalize: capitalize.
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* Like this*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
It displays where I am at any given moment.
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm (filename.exe)
34. Why should I use version control? 
Files could get lost?
35. How often should I commit to github?
At least every 20 minutes, or whenever a new function is added
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Fork repo
    2. Add TL as collaborator  
    3. Clone repo
    4. Navigate terminal to where you want to the file
    5. Navigate into repo
    6. Use git clone <link-to-repo> to clone repo to the directory
    7. Create own branch with git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    8. Begin working
    9. Every 20 minutes or whenever a function is completed; add and commit changes. (git add .) and (git commit -m (message about what you changed))
    10. Then push the changes to the cloud with git push -u origin branch-name.
    11. On git hub, navigate to the forked branch on the project repo.
    12. Create a pull request.
    13. Change the branch again and then add TL as a reviewer.
    14. Let the TL do the rest lol


Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? *******
block-level elements always begin on a new line and take up as much width as possible, while inline elements will begin on the same line and will only use the amount of width necessary.
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 